docs(*) add 1.9.0 changes (#535)
Kong/deck: RELEASE.md

> eleasing a version

Reviewer: Why this file?

Author: The file or the line? The file is because "a Google Doc somewhere that I can only find via browser history" is a bad location for maintainer docs.

The line is clipped-off copy paste accident, I'll fix that.

## Prepare

> Ensure that your `go version` is at least 1.15.x.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ensure that your `go version` is not older than indicated in the header of `go.mod`.
```

`go.mod` says 1.16 today. Let's take a step towards de-duplicating the source of truth for version numbers.

- Run Goreleaser: `goreleaser release --rm-dist`. This will create
  a release in Github and upload all the artifacts.
- Edit the release to remove all the commit messages as the content and
  instead add a link to the changelog. Refer to older releases for reference.
- Homebrew release  
Clone the Kong/homebrew-deck repo
`cp <deck repo>/dist/deck.rb Formula/`. Make sure only version and checksum is changed and rest all is left as is.
Git commit, git push to master

## Docker release

As of 1.8.3, these steps are automated on tag pushes to Github. They are unnecessary unless the release job fails.

Assuming you are on the TAG commit, you need to perform the following:

```
export TAG=$(git describe --abbrev=0 --tags)
export COMMIT=$(git rev-parse --short $TAG)
docker build --build-arg TAG=$TAG --build-arg COMMIT=$COMMIT -t hbagdi/deck:$TAG .
docker push hbagdi/deck:$TAG

docker tag hbagdi/deck:$TAG kong/deck:$TAG
docker push kong/deck:$TAG

# if also the latest release (not for a back-ported patch release):
docker tag hbagdi/deck:$TAG hbagdi/deck:latest
docker push hbagdi/deck:latest

docker tag hbagdi/deck:latest kong/deck:latest
docker push kong/deck:latest

> ```

Reviewer 2: Do we still want to push `hbagdi/deck`?

Author: Open question for @hbagdi. I'm in favor of deprecating it and only pushing to kong/deck going forward. I don't think CI has access as requested in #507 

https://github.com/Kong/deck/pull/507#issuecomment-949963429
https://github.com/Kong/deck/issues/540#issuecomment-988309892
